# Challange-1
1.	Given the provided data, we can conclude that there were more successful crowdfunded platform outcomes than there were canceled or failed outcomes. The most successful crowdfunded parent category was theater. The most successful crowdfunded sub-category was plays. We can also conclude that the categories that had the most success were the ones that had the most platforms that were crowdfunded (e.g., theater and plays had 344 total platforms). Lastly, we can see that the summer months, May through July, showed the most successful crowdfunded platforms. 
2.	 One limitation with this data set is we don’t know where we got the data from so there is no way to verify if this data is correct or not. A second limitation is majority of this data was from the US, which does not allow us to get the best representation of the success around the world. Third, there is a lot of data that could lead to errors when processing. 
3.	Another possible table and graph we could do is a pivot table showing how successful each category was based on what country they were crowdfunded in and plot it on a bar graph. This would show us which countries are more likely to help these platforms grow and be more successful. Another possible table and graph could be to convert all the different currencies to one specific currency and plot it on a line graph. This would give us an accurate representation of how much each platform successfully and unsuccessfully crowdfunded in each month they were promoting their platform. 

	Using the data I collected, the mean would better summarize the data than the median because the mean shows the average amount of backers for the successful and failed crowdfunded campaigns rather than the mode which just shows that the same number of backers that supported these campaigns shows up more than once in this data.

	The data shows that there is more variability in unsuccessful campaigns than there is in successful campaigns. This makes sense because since they failed, we would expect there to be less consistency in the data and it would be more difficult to predict all of the information about the specific population based on the data we have. 
